---
title: "What is Kambrium about?"
date: 2025-09-27
---

People need to see and experience that it is possible to do business, live, and work without harming our environment, but rather to integrate ourselves into the entire natural structure and respect the laws of Mother Earth and her dignity. To do this, people at their current stage of development need guidance and inspiration. They must be guided in such a way that, after a while, they themselves see and experience what the results are and how it feels to suddenly live completely differently, perhaps to forego some of the supposed achievements of previous civilization, but in return to gain many other things that make life more worth living and reconnect people with the whole of creation and our soul's mission. In this way, the Earth and humanity will be healed! 

The initiators of “Kambrium” want to create livable conditions for humans and nature by... Developing and implementing a new architecture, e.g., with earth houses, straw bale houses, tailored to the respective region, so that people can live and dwell closer to nature. Homes should no longer make people ill, but rather promote health and provide a haven of peace! Natural farming methods should be used to create healthy food that keeps people healthy and does not pollute our environment! A new economic system should be used to create useful products that people need for their daily lives, a kind of new industry that does not destroy our earth, but preserves it! By creating businesses that operate according to these new principles and by trading with outside people and communities to spread these principles! The new economic system must be socially fair so that all people can participate in it! Through the development and training of natural medicine that truly aims to heal, e.g., with herbs, frequencies, energy work, and much more! The healers of the New World should be trained in this! By creating sustainable landscapes that enable human life and economic activity in harmony with the needs of nature (animals, plants). These landscapes should also be able to serve as places of recreation and leisure activities! By creating a new school system that prepares our children for the new challenges. Children should and must learn about the interrelationships in nature and how to deal with them so that the complex overall network is preserved! By creating libraries with appropriate literature, internet courses, and internet publishers to disseminate the new knowledge so that all people gradually have access to this new knowledge and these new methods! 
